docs/games/Baldurs Gate 3.rst, before:

Baldur's Gate 3
===============

To install mods we are using a mixture of manual installs and utlitizing the `BG3MM <https://github.com/LaughingLeader/BG3ModManager>`_

Installed Mods
--------------

Manual
******

- `Achievement Enabler <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/668>`_
- `Native Camera Tweaks <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/945>`_
- `Native Mod Loader <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/944>`_
- `WASD Character Movement <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/781>`_

BG3MM
*****

- `Baldur's Gate 3 Mod Fixer <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/141>`_
- `Better Inventory UI (with Mark Books as Read support) <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/4597>`_
- `ImprovedUI ReleaseReady <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/366>`_
- `No Intro <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/680>`_
- `No Press Any Key Menu <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/745>`_
- `Themed Dice Skins <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/2118>`_

Commit message:

Used Mod Manager as generic launcher term

docs/games/Baldurs Gate 3.rst, after:

Baldur's Gate 3
===============

Mod Manager
-----------

`BG3MM <https://github.com/LaughingLeader/BG3ModManager>`_ is used to manage some of the mods, there are also a handful that have to be installed manually

Installed Mods
--------------

Manual
******

- `Achievement Enabler <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/668>`_
- `Native Camera Tweaks <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/945>`_
- `Native Mod Loader <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/944>`_
- `WASD Character Movement <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/781>`_

BG3MM
*****

- `Baldur's Gate 3 Mod Fixer <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/141>`_
- `Better Inventory UI (with Mark Books as Read support) <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/4597>`_
- `ImprovedUI ReleaseReady <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/366>`_
- `No Intro <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/680>`_
- `No Press Any Key Menu <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/745>`_
- `Themed Dice Skins <https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/2118>`_
